Add Raise and Resolve Dispute diagram (#427)
bosonprotocol/boson-protocol-contracts: docs/sequences.md

* A kind buyer could, of course, complete the exchange any time during the dispute period, releasing the funds for the seller early. They would incur a network transaction fee (gas), and so they are not expected to take this action.
* It is also worth noting here that a seller does not have to withdraw their funds once an exchange is completed. They can leave it in the protocol to back their deposits for future exchanges, or only withdraw periodically.

## Raise and Resolve a Dispute
![Raise and Resolve a Dispute](images/Boson_Protocol_V2_-_Raise_and_Resolve.png)

### About this diagram
* This diagram shows an example timeline and sequence of protocol interactions for a dispute raised and mutually resolved by the buyer and seller.
* In this scenario, the buyer has received damaged or otherwise unacceptable goods. Since the Dispute Period has not yet elapsed, the buyer raises a dispute. In an off-chain discussion the two parties arrive at a resolution, which essentially boils down to what percentage of the pot (all the committed funds from both parties for the current exchange) the buyer will receive. 

> * When the buyer raises the dispute, they must pay a small fee, a percentage of the price of the offer. This fee is intended only as a spam-prevention measure so that frivolous disputes are not a griefing vector for the seller. This fee goes into the aforementioned pot, and is divvied according to the resolved split.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the buyer raises the dispute, they must pay a small fee, a percentage of the price of the offer. This fee is intended only as a spam-prevention measure so that frivolous disputes are not a griefing vector for the seller. This fee goes into the aforementioned pot, and is divvied up according to the resolved split.
```

> * When the buyer raises the dispute, they must pay a small fee, a percentage of the price of the offer. This fee is intended only as a spam-prevention measure so that frivolous disputes are not a griefing vector for the seller. This fee goes into the aforementioned pot, and is divvied according to the resolved split.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When the buyer raises the dispute, they must pay a small fee, a percentage of the dispute resolution fee associated with the offer. This fee is intended only as a spam-prevention measure so that frivolous disputes are not a griefing vector for the seller. This fee goes into the aforementioned pot, and is divvied according to the resolved split.
```

A also got the impression in our meetings that we should not us *fee* in "they must pay a small fee" but rather "deposit", since the buyer can actually get it back (as you described it later).

> * When the buyer raises the dispute, they must pay a small fee, a percentage of the price of the offer. This fee is intended only as a spam-prevention measure so that frivolous disputes are not a griefing vector for the seller. This fee goes into the aforementioned pot, and is divvied according to the resolved split.

Reviewer: Actually, the buyer does not pay anything to raise a dispute. The buyer pays an escalation deposit when s/he escalates a dispute. This paragrap should remove any reference to paying money to raise a dispute.
This paragraph should be removed and replaced with one that explains that the pot is divvied up according to the buyer percentage basis points provided to the resolveDispute function.

Author: The verbiage does explain that what they're paying goes into the pot and is split according to the resolution. I could change the word "small fee" with "escalation deposit". Does that cover your concern?

> When the buyer raises the dispute, they must pay a small fee, a percentage of the price of the offer. This fee is intended only as a spam-prevention measure so that frivolous disputes are not a griefing vector for the seller. This fee goes into the aforementioned pot, and is divvied according to the resolved split.

Reviewer: @cliffhall There is no payment of deposit when raiseDispute is called. That doesn't happen until escalateDispute is called. The whole premise of the paragraph is wrong.

Author: Fixed. Thanks.
